updated indexer tutorial to remove pitfalls (#1029)
near/docs: docs/tutorials/near-indexer.md

Next, you will need to create a Rust toolchain that mirrors the one in [`nearcore`](https://github.com/near/nearcore/blob/master/rust-toolchain.toml):

> To do this, run the following command in the root of your project. This will specify which toolchain your rust environment will use : _(be sure to check the link above for the correct version)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this, run the following command in the root of your project. This will specify which toolchain your Rust environment will use: _(be sure to check the link above for the correct version)_
```

near-indexer = { git = "https://github.com/near/nearcore" }
```

> > **Note:** While it is fine to omit specific commit hash, for this tutorial we highly recommend to freeze near-indexer dependency for specific commit from the `nearcore` repository. _(Example below)_ It could also be useful to reference the [near-indexer-for-explorer repo](https://github.com/near/near-indexer-for-explorer/blob/master/Cargo.toml) for commit version and dependency versions they utilize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
While it is fine to omit a specific commit hash, for this tutorial we highly recommend freezing near-indexer dependency to a specific commit from the `nearcore` repository. _(Example below)_ It could also be useful to reference the [near-indexer-for-explorer repo](https://github.com/near/near-indexer-for-explorer/blob/master/Cargo.toml) for commit version and dependency versions they utilize.
:::
```

```toml
near-indexer = { git = "https://github.com/near/nearcore", rev = "539f254f793a3324a29e6e97e3b804b9fa4f27a2" }
```

**2) Add `actix`, `openssl-probe`, `tokio` and `serde`**

```toml
actix = "=0.11.0-beta.2"
actix-rt = "=2.2.0"  # remove it once actix is upgraded to 0.11+
actix-web = "=4.0.0-beta.6"
actix-http = "=3.0.0-beta.6"
actix-tls = "=3.0.0-beta.5"
actix_derive = "=0.6.0-beta.1"
openssl-probe = { version = "0.1.2" }
r2d2 = "0.8.8"
serde = { version = "1", features = ["derive"] }
serde_json = "1.0.55"
tokio = { version = "1.1", features = ["sync", "time"] }
```

**3) Once complete, your `Cargo.toml` dependencies should look something like this:**

> > **Note:** [This discussion page](https://github.com/near/nearcore/discussions) is a good resource where you can check out to stay up to date with the latest information regarding updates to the nearcore and its dependencies as well as the near-indexer-for-explorer repo linked above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
Check [this discussion page](https://github.com/near/nearcore/discussions) to stay up to date with the latest information regarding updates to the `nearcore` and its dependencies as well as the near-indexer-for-explorer repository linked above.
:::
```

near-indexer = { git = "https://github.com/near/nearcore" }
```

:::note

> While it is fine to omit a specific commit hash, for this tutorial we highly recommend freezing near-indexer dependency to a specific commit from the `nearcore` repository. _(Example below)_ It could also be useful to reference the [near-indexer-for-explorer repo](https://github.com/near/near-indexer-for-explorer/blob/master/Cargo.toml) for commit version and dependency versions they utilize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While it is fine to omit a specific commit hash, for this tutorial we highly recommend freezing near-indexer dependency to a specific commit from the `nearcore` repository. _(Example below)_

It could also be useful to reference the [near-indexer-for-explorer repository](https://github.com/near/near-indexer-for-explorer/blob/master/Cargo.toml) for commit version and dependency versions they utilize.
```

- A quick solution is to copy `Cargo.lock` from `nearcore` repository [ [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/near/nearcore/master/Cargo.lock) ] and replace it with the contents of your project's `Cargo.lock` file.
- After this is complete, rerun `cargo check` to see if this resolves your errors.

> If you get the error `near-stable-hasher` the following commands may be of help to you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get an error regarding `near-stable-hasher`, the following commands may be of help to you:
```
